Added sub trigger explanation (#57)
BeipDev/BeipMU: Documentation/Triggers.md

There is no other option here because it's beautifully simple:- A small notification pops up with the matched text on it, and windows plays it's default chime.

This is most useful for triggers that are set to fire when BeipMu is not in focus. For example, you already have a trigger that matches pages and colors them, but you can duplicate it, activate "Toast message when trigger hit" and disable any other outputs that your original trigger had. Then both will run when you're away form BeipMU but only the text highlight versionw ill run when BeipMu is in focus.

## Sub Triggers

> Each trigger can have sub-triggers that act on the text that was captured by the primary trigger. To make one, select your primary trigger and jsut hit the "New" button. You cana lso drag an existing trigger onto another to make it a sub-trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each trigger can have sub-triggers that act on the text that was captured by the primary trigger. To make one, select your primary trigger and just hit the "New" button. You can also drag an existing trigger onto another to make it a sub-trigger.
```
